Canaryvilleis Chicago.
But it's kind of not
at the same time. you know?
My whole life's been here...
nowhere else
but this neighborhood
that felt like a small town
growing up.
My best memories happened here.
so I guess it was
the biggest place on Earth.
Everything seems bigger
when you're a kid.
But then I grew up.
and now this place feels
so small. so familiar.
People love familiar things
because it
reminds them of their past.
Makes them feel comfortable.
But what if that comfort
is lying to you?
Or what if...
you're lying to yourself?
All right. it's official.
Roots are growing
into the piping.
Mack. I know why
your bathroom's clogging.
I have to get the plumber
out here this weekend.
Otherwise. that pipe's
going to collapse.
Hey. so this came in the mail.
Fairfield Park Academy?
How'd some fancy private school
get our address?
I... I gave it to them.
I called their admissions
office. like. a week ago?
Really?
You did?
I did.
Um. I...
I-I meant to tell you.
- I hope so.
- Um...
it's just that
they have an excellent
college placement rate
and their student body
is over 50% Black.
This is in the suburbs.
That's like
an hour drive each way.
We have a hard enough time
getting her to her stuff
as it is.
Yeah. I know.
Um. but. you know. it's still
early in the school year.
It might be an OK time
to change her environment.
What about her friends?
I mean. she likes her school.
Why are we going to fix
something that's not broken?
The hell is going on so early?
Cammie texted there's
a bunch of cars on Wallace.
All right. I'll check the radio.
Intelligence.
We heard you caught a body.
We looking at a homicide. or?
Homeowners are retired.
Yeah. we know the Wilsons.
We live down the street.
45 minutes ago. the Wilsons
go into their storm cellar
to grab some tools.
instead discover a body.
Mrs. Wilson
looks so nervous.
Yeah.
Did they see anything?
How much did they see?
Not much.
They were too spooked.
But we did clear the premises
and can confirm
the victim's a girl.
19. maybe 20. No ID on her.
Any witnesses see anyone flee?
- No.
- Great.
Officer.
can I borrow your light?
- Yep.
- Thank you.
We got blood.
And scratch marks.
God.
Is that Natalie King's daughter
from down the block?
Yeah.
Yeah. Sasha.
Sasha King.
What if all we ever were
was just trapped?
Stuck.
Like ants.
captured in sap.
wanting so badly to get away.
But we were never leaving.
Everything was a lie.
The comfort. all those
familiar little things...
just a lie.
a trick to trap you close.
Name's Sasha King.
19 years old.
She's a Canaryville local.
You know her?
Not real well.
We know her mom.
It's a small neighborhood.
She went to the school
Mack goes to.
She was raised over on Normal.
Still lived at home.
Her dad committed suicide
a few years back. right?
- Yeah.
- Mom struggled with it.
Some alcohol use there.
Cause of death
is brain hemorrhaging
from blunt force trauma.
There's a lot of blood loss
over by the door.
Yeah. she tried to get out.
Yeah. she was alive when
they locked her down here.
Time of death between
10:00 p.m. and 1:00 a.m.
last night.
- She was found like this?
- Yeah.
I mean. there's no clothes
on scene.
There's no keys.
There's no phone. no wallet.
There's some tearing
on her underwear.
We could be looking at a rape.
I just spoke with the Wilsons.
They got home early this morning
after spending the night
with her son in Oak Park.
Alibi checks out.
They're not our offenders.
No. they never were.
Wilsons are good people.
All right. Torres.
you lead the knock and talk.
scour PODs. see if you can
dump Sasha's phone.
I want a complete timeline of
all her movements last night.
You two go let her mom know
she just lost her daughter.
News spread fast.
Yeah. Hey.
Danny.
How you doing?
Hey. Natalie.
I don't need
your notification. Adam.
I know my daughter's dead.
Why would anybody
want to hurt Sasha?
Do you know who did this?
Not yet. no.
We're still gathering
information.
but we're going to find them.
Natalie.
Are you OK if I...
I just take a look around?
Yeah.
Can we speak privately?
Come on.
You know that saying.
"canary in a coal mine?"
It's like that.
Canaries were put in coal mines
to warn the coal miners
of carbon monoxide poisoning.
They'd first stop singing...
Start suffocating...
Till they fell off
their little perch.
Dead. just like that.
No warning.
Just a quick. horrible death.
Last I saw Sasha was
yesterday morning around 8:00.
Do you know anybody that
would want to hurt Sasha?
No.
What about new guys in her life?
Not any that I know of. anyway.
Lily. right?
Officer Walsh's daughter.
Yeah.
How you holding up?
I've seen you and Sasha
hanging around together.
You guys were friends?
Yeah.
Best friends.
When's the last time
you saw her?
Um...
a couple days ago.
It'd been a while since we hung.
I'm sorry.
- No. it's all right.
We've been besties
since second grade.
I just...
we'd gotten so busy lately.
She'd been working
for the campaign a lot.
OK. whose campaign was
she working for?
Greg Whitman.
He's running for governor.
Was she having issues there?
Anybody giving her a hard time?
- No.
- Everyone liked her there.
Natalie.
Is that a boyfriend of Sasha's?
No. that's my brother.
Sasha and Tommy
used to hang out.
You know. like. hook up.
It was casual.
Were they hooking up recently?
I don't know.
Their situation was on and off.
Wasn't a big thing.
- Sure.
Do you know how things ended
between them?
Lily said Sasha's relationship
with her brother ended fine.
but Tommy Walsh. I mean.
this kid's growing into
a bit of a bad seed.
Got quite the rap.
He is 24 years old.
son of Frank Walsh.
retired police.
He's got two priors.
one for possession with intent.
The other is an assault charge
against a female that went away
due to a bad victim.
Or Frank Walsh made it go away.
Nah.
Nah. Frank. he's good police.
Known him for forever.
Looked after me in the Academy.
He's a stand-up dude.
He's also a father.
Yo.
I'm still waiting
on the DNA results
from the buccal swab
and the rape kit.
Cellar's gonna take some time.
There's a lot of foreign DNA.
But we do have all of
Sasha's cell tower data
from last night.
Her phone died at 7:00 p.m.
Pulled historical data shows
her phone died all the time.
so nothing weird there.
Before her phone died.
she did receive several calls
from Tommy Walsh
between the hours
of 5:00 to 7:00 p.m.
We got text messages. too.
"Come on. Sasha.
Don't be a bitch."
"I know you want it.
Meet me."
"All these games you play.
and you're going to
find yourself playing
with the wrong person."
He sounds good for it.
What sounds better is that
Sasha's last cell tower ping
was two blocks away
from Tommy Walsh's residence
in Canaryville.
All right. Kim. Adam.
I want you to move on it.
Just remember
he's a copper's son.
Be fast and quiet.
Place is nice.
There he is.
Hey. Tommy.
What do you want?
CPD. We want to ask you
a few questions.
What about?
It's all good. man.
We just need to chat.
Got him.
- I'll take north.
Kim. he just went over
Josie's back roof.
He's going to drop down
behind the Bracktons'.
Copy.
Kamie's got her truck
parked back there.
It'll force him west.
I'm going to cut him off.
Copy you.
- Get off of me!
- Stop fighting. Tommy.
Get off me!
Get off!
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Is there anything on you
that could hurt me. Tommy?
What's this?
I've been thinking about
the people closest to me.
Who have been there
for most of my firsts...
Who have made me
feel comfortable. safe.
It feels so good
when it's good. you know?
But really. they're
hiding something dirty.
dangerous even.
And one day.
all I see
is a familiar stranger.
And it's the face of someone
I'd never want to know.
Recognize that?
Sasha made a bunch
of these tapes. Tommy.
She recorded her whole life.
That's you she's talking about.
isn't it?
You're the familiar stranger.
aren't you?
Here's what we know. Tommy.
We know that you saw Sasha
last night.
In fact. we think you were
the last person with her.
So what happened?
She didn't want to
be with you anymore?
That made you mad?
I get that. I do.
You've known her
your whole life.
You're the son of a cop.
You gotta know if we got you
sitting in front of us
like this.
we got a damn good reason.
We're building a case
for rape and murder.
I didn't rape or murder anyone!
Sit down.
Tell us what happened then.
I don't know what the hell
she was talking about
on that tape.
and I wouldn't know.
Sasha was too good for me now.
And yet. you were with her
last night.
Hank. need you downstairs.
Frank. let's go in the office.
No! No!
I want to see my goddamn son!
I understand. You know I do.
Let's just keep...
- No. Don't do that.
You couldn't have given me
a courtesy. Adam?
I'm police.
You know me.
Frank...
How many times me and you
been down at Kelly's
having drinks?
Frank. I'm Sergeant Voight...
Yeah. I know all about you.
Hank Voight.
Well. then
I'm sure you also know
that CPD has the right to hold
with or without counsel.
We got 72 hours.
- Yeah. it's 48.
We found 2 grams of heroin
on Tommy. Frank.
Judge Clarkson granted us
an extension.
Are you kidding me?
Listen. it's nothing personal.
We're doing our jobs.
I know you understand that.
- Nothing personal?
- No.
That's my goddamn son!
He didn't kill anyone.
Frank.
He's staying.
Yeah?
Well. then so am I.
I'm not leaving
until Tommy does.
And I'm calling my lawyer.
If you go near my son
before he arrives.
I'll have all your badges.
OK.
We got a hit on Sasha.
She swiped her CTA card
last night at 9:20 p.m.
at the Halsted stop.
After she was with Tommy?
Yep. she got off the train
next to Greg Whitman's
campaign office
on the Mag Mile at 9:40 p.m.
No Tommy Walsh in sight.
There's no evidence
she ever got back on the CTA.
Card never swipes again.
Nothing on CTA's footage.
OK. well.
this changes the timeline.
Doesn't clear Tommy.
Sure. but why'd she
go into work that late?
How'd she get back
to Canaryville. wind up dead?
Head over to Whitman's office.
Find out.
So leave.
Just leave.
That's what I tell myself.
But can you?
Can you really just leave?
Or does the past follow you?
Does that sap just
drip from your bones
until you're pulled back?
Hey. Kim Burgess.
detective at Chicago PD.
Who do I talk to in order
to access the cameras?
Excuse me.
Hi. I'm Officer Ruzek.
You got a minute to talk?
Um. I don't work here.
Alex Feldman.
I'm a donor.
Dropped by to see Greg.
but I just missed him.
OK. when Greg's out of
the office. who's in charge?
Campaign manager's
gone for the day.
so I guess that...
that would be me.
I'm Edna Lopez. field director.
W-What is this about?
Sasha King.
She's a volunteer here. right?
Yeah.
What time did you guys
close yesterday?
Um. we were closed yesterday
due to the. rally in Deerfield.
so nobody should have been here
during the day...
Look. I'm sorry.
but w-what's this about?
Investigating Sasha's murder.
What?
She was found dead this morning.
My God.
Um...
Sorry. I just...
I think I need... need a minute.
Um. I'm just going
to use the restroom.
One second.
All right. Kim.
I got a woman leaving.
Latina. brown hair.
She's heading towards
the garage.
Hey! Hey!
Chicago PD!
Wait!
Do not get in the car!
Hey. hey. hey! Stop the car!
Get out of the car!
Jesus!
Are you OK?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
OK. I need you to
get out of the car.
It's my fault!
It's all my fault!
What?
Have you been drinking?
She's dead because of me!
I get it. Edna.
But you said it was
all your fault. Why?
You have to help us
understand this.
What happened. Edna?
Did you hurt her?
No.
No. I'd never. No.
OK. so then why
is it your fault?
I just... I told her something
that I shouldn't have. OK?
OK.
What was it?
What'd you tell her?
Edna.
You're not going to be able
to leave until you talk to us.
I know that you get that.
What'd you tell Sasha?
I... I went to
one of Alex's parties.
Alex Feldman. the donor you met.
OK.
I went to one three nights ago.
And then...
he invited me to an after-party.
It was some old house.
Like. I-I-I blacked out.
Do you think that
you were roofied?
You know. I... I don't know.
But...
I did feel. like.
weird in the morning.
Like... like my body was...
was sore.
Edna. do you think. um...
do you think that
you were raped?
Do you think that you can
tell me what happened next?
Could you do that?
Um...
Sasha noticed some bruises on me
the next day at work.
She... she thought
something bad had happened.
She kept trying to convince me
to report it.
OK. so this is why she went
back to the office last night.
Yeah.
Yeah. she.
she wanted to meet me.
but I... I freaked out.
You know. I... I can't have this
be true. OK?
Like. I have to work
with this guy.
I just... I can't. I can't.
So I just...
I wanted it to stop. OK?
And so I told him that
she wanted to meet me.
and he was supposed to...
Who... who are we
talking about?
Who did you tell?
- I told Alex!
I told Alex.
I'm so sorry.
I don't know. he must have
met her instead of me.
And...
He must have killed her.
Do you buy it?
Well. Sasha was going
to blow the whistle.
Gives Alex motive.
He's got plenty of it.
He's got millions.
How'd she make it back
to Canaryville?
I mean.
why would Alex kill her there?
All right. what have we got?
We sorted through
all of this campaign footage.
and Alex was there.
Him and Sasha
never made it inside.
but we got them both
out in the street.
You got a time stamp?
10:15 p.m..
around the time she died.
OK. so. what?
He drove her to Canaryville.
things escalated in the car?
Do we have the car
in Canaryville?
No. not yet.
It's not enough to get his GPS
records or search warrant.
A guy like that.
that kind of money?
We bring him in.
there's no way he talks.
We need more.
Yo. Kev.
You good in back?
Yep. all good.
Got eyes on the back door.
All right. Kim. you're up.
OK. that ought to do it.
Hey. look at me.
Plan's simple. OK?
I'm your older cousin looking
to party after a divorce.
And what are you doing?
Find Alex.
Get him talking.
Get him to confess
Sasha's murder.
Exactly.
You know what to do because
we've talked it through.
All right.
It's Alex.
He's here.
You made it.
Didn't piss off mom too much.
did you?
Shut up.
That face.
I have never seen a face
like that before.
- It's a good one.
- Yeah?
Well. here's my mouth telling
you to let go of my arm.
- Not till you get a stamp.
- What?
- New faces get stamps.
- What...
It just helps us regulars
be on our best behavior
when we're talking to you.
Cool talk. You can go now.
- You just need to relax.
- Look. I'm just scared. Alex.
Why?
I mean. yeah. no.
it's awful that she's gone.
But you know. it's Chicago.
That's your answer?
Citywide crime rate?
- I said a lot of things. OK?
- Alex.
Come on.
Hey. Kim.
What's your 20?
Yeah.
Headed to a room
on the east side.
Sorry.
Getting eyes now.
Hey. you.
Remind me your name.
You said that you would
take care of Sasha.
What did that mean?
- I don't know.
You know.
I have keys to every room.
I'll be right back.
Kim. what's going on?
Adam. Adam.
It's the stamp.
They drugged it. OK?
I want you to hold
until you have a confession.
Hold.
- Hold on.
What? What did you say?
Where are you?
No warning.
Just a quick. horrible death.
Sasha?
Kim?
I came to you.
I was honest with you.
- My God. Damn it!
- You... honesty?
Yeah? You want honesty?
Will that shut you up?
Edna's good.
We're close.
All right. Kim.
Edna's close.
Are you OK?
Are you OK to keep going?
Kim?
Hey!
Sometimes I feel like that bird.
Content. even excited.
Then everything switches
and I feel like
I'm suffocating again.
Kim. answer me one more time.
Hold.
Hold for the confession.
Hi. hon.
Where were we?
What the hell. you bitch.
Kim. Hey. you all right?
You with me? Hey.
Come on. Hey.
Hey.
Talk to me.
Ambulance is on the way.
Hey.
Doctor's waiting
for your blood results.
Looks like it was some sort of
homemade transdermal compound.
I'm OK.
I'm fine. really.
What do we... what do we have?
- Alex Feldman's in custody.
- Good.
We... we didn't get
the confession we hoped for.
but Edna will testify
to the rape.
We brought in all the
other males from the party.
We're going to question them.
As for the other prick.
Dane Simmons.
he's the owner of the house.
We'll throw charges at him
for administering the drugs
and his assault on you.
You were close to getting
that confession. weren't we?
Yeah. we were.
but I wasn't waiting any longer.
I had him and I gave an order.
You should have seen
this little girl's room.
Adam.
It looked like Mack's.
Same karate trophies.
same hair gel. same book.
I... I gotta go.
Wait.
Kim. Kim. Kim. Kim.
Hey.
I'm fine.
Let's get back to work.
Yes.
God.
But we got you on video
physically assaulting Sasha King
the night of her murder.
You raped her. didn't you?
- No.
- No?
What. you just killed her?
No.
Alex. you and your friends
think it's fun
to drug young women
and then rape them
while they are unconscious.
And now you want me to believe
you wouldn't rape and kill
a girl who was going
to blow the whistle on you?
I didn't.
I didn't!
Yes. I grabbed her.
Yes. I threatened her.
But then I drove her home.
That is it. I swear to God.
Then how come Sasha's mom
never saw her come home
that night?
What?
How come Sasha's
not alive and well?
Why didn't she wake up
in her bed?
I-I don't know.
- That's not adding up. Alex.
- I don't know!
I...
I. I never said
that she went inside.
I... I never saw her
go inside.
She just... she stood outside.
She just stood there?
Yes.
She... she was
standing on her porch
looking down the street
when... when I left.
Well. that's convenient.
I'm telling the truth.
I suppose your car's GPS
can confirm all this?
No. I... I disabled it.
I swear I didn't kill her.
We have zero evidence that
Alex actually drove her home.
For all we know.
he drove Sasha to that cellar
and killed her.
Yeah. but we have zero proof
of that. too. Torres.
Hey.
Forensics is still
working Alex's car.
And Sasha's prints
are all over it.
but there's no blood.
That means results came in. too.
Trace amounts of semen
were found inside Sasha.
They match Tommy's DNA.
ME can't confirm rape.
No tearing or abrasions.
But it is confirmation
that Sasha and Tommy had sex
in the hours prior to her death.
So what the hell
are we looking at?
I mean. did Tommy
go back to see her
after Alex allegedly
dropped her off?
Or did he see her at 7:00.
have sex.
and then
never see her after that?
Well. we just need more.
We need evidence
of what happened
after Sasha and Alex came back
to Canaryville that night.
We've still got hours on
the clock on Tommy and Alex.
So dig.
Just keep digging.
We're missing something.
I've been thinking about
the people closest to me.
Who had been there
for most of my firsts.
Who have made me feel
comfortable. safe.
It feels so good
when it's good. you know?
But really.
they're hiding something dirty.
dangerous even.
And one day. all I see
is a familiar stranger.
And it's the face of someone
I'd never want to know.
I've been thinking about
the people closest to me.
Who have been there
for most of my firsts.
Who have made me feel
comfortable. safe.
A familiar stranger.
And it's the face of someone
I'd never want to know.
Hey.
Just bringing you coffee.
What's up?
What if Alex was
telling the truth?
OK. so Alex said that
he dropped her off at home.
but she didn't go in. right?
She just stood on her porch
looking down the street
at something.
I mean. you know. most of
these folks don't have cameras.
Going to be a long shot.
What if she was looking
at someone?
Like someone who had
come to see her?
Kim.
Chicago Police.
Does your car have cameras
that record?
You're thinking Tommy?
No. not Tommy.
10:51. that's it.
Can you enhance it?
I'm thinking the other person
she had all her firsts with.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Do you mind if I come inside?
It'll just be a second.
Where's... where's your dad?
Out.
He'll be back soon.
Why?
Do you need to talk to him
about...
- Do you mind if I wait here?
Can I sit?
Um. OK.
I'm really sorry about all this.
Must be so hard on you.
I mean. you and Sasha
were best friends. right?
From. like. second grade?
Yeah.
My daughter. Mack...
M-Makayla... she has a couple
of friends like that.
Yeah.
Must have been hard. too. with.
Sasha moving on
to different things. right?
Like the campaign
and the new people...
Wanting something else.
something...
I don't know.
that felt more like her.
something...
away from here. away from you...
I think you should actually go.
My dad might be able
to help you.
but I...
- That's you.
With Sasha outside
of her house. isn't it?
Lily.
Here's what's going to happen.
They're going to come inside
and they're going to search
and you're going to come with me
down to the district.
But the more you tell me
right now. the easier it'll be.
The truth will help you here.
honey.
OK.
I think that you met up
that night.
You went to the storm cellar.
a place that you'd hung out
a thousand times before.
But you got into a fight
because your best friend
in the whole world
was leaving you.
It was changing.
And that hurt like hell.
didn't it?
I don't think that
you meant to kill her.
but she hit her head hard.
hit it on something.
and she wasn't moving.
Please stop.
And you panicked.
You got scared.
And instead of helping her...
instead of helping her.
you ripped her panties
and made it look like a rape.
Please stop!
Please!
My dad says that
I don't have to talk to you.
He's taking care of it.
- God. what?
- We're not gonna talk.
- OK. what do you mean?
What do you mean your dad's
taking care of it?
Lily. where's your father?
Jesus.
Guys. we have a problem.
Frank's not here.
He may be destroying evidence.
Find him.
Copy.
All right.
seeing here Frank got a call
from Lily three hours ago.
He left 21 immediately after
and turned his phone off.
Lily must have panicked
and confessed to him.
He went home then.
- You know where he went next?
Hold on. I lose him.
All right. here. last hit is at
the intersection
of Pershing and Racine.
Frank.
All right.
it's got to be the creek.
Bubbly Creek.
He's going to dump evidence.
Frank.
What are you doing?
Step away from the vehicle.
Put the gun down.
I've known you. Adam.
since you were a little boy.
You know me. my family.
I do.
I do. so put the gun down.
please.
You know Lily.
She's a good girl.
She loved Sasha.
Lily was her friend.
Sasha never felt like
she fit in here.
but she fit with Lily
'cause Lily was good to her.
She's good.
- I know. Frank.
And she's going to need you now.
You can't be out here
doing this.
Give me the gun so I can
keep you out of trouble.
What if it was Makayla?
What if it was your girl. Adam?
It's my girl.
She's a good kid.
Please. just let me
take care of this.
It'll help her.
Please.
God damn it.
I gotta cuff you. Frank.
Adam.
I have to.
All right. you ready to go?
Just about. yeah.
Hey.
You like living in our house?
Yeah. I love it.
I mean.
I love what it means to you.
Look. I know it can feel like
you're stuck in time there.
And it's kind of falling apart.
Adam. it's not about the house.
We're raising a kid
that doesn't look like us.
We can't give Mack
your childhood.
I mean. we can't... look.
we can't give her mine. either.
Neither exist for her.
You know that. right?
Sure.
Hold on. I mean...
she's good. right?
She's happy.
Isn't she?
Yeah.
Baby. yeah. she's happy.
OK.
I'm scared that
she's disconnected from herself
in ways that...
I don't even think she realizes.
ways we might not even realize.
Our roots. our house.
our neighborhood.
they're not going to be hers
in the same way.
She needs something
outside of us.
that's her own.
Maybe outside of Canaryville.
I'm scared to let go.
to leave this place.
My home.
My mom.
She needs me.
But I think
I really need this. too.
Because maybe I can be
whoever I want to be.
I can just be me.
I don't know what
it'll all be like.
But I'm excited
for what comes next.